docs: updated readme with Node+Deno requirements (#1158)
paritytech/capi: Readme.md

}
```

> > Note: The minimum supported Deno version is 1.33.0, as we require the
> > [Command API](https://deno.land/api@v1.35.0?s=Deno.Command) be accessible for
> > the sake of spawning child processes.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: For now, we only support the latest 1.x version Deno.

```

}
```

> > Note: For now, we only support the latest 1.x version Deno.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: For now, we only support the latest 1.x version of Deno.
```
